Believe "/base-axioms.txt".

When a game-character follows a path, the game-character traverses
 {the path's mediated-connection among the game-character's container's place-exits}.
When a game-character climbs a tree,
 the game-character goes upward.
When a game-character kicks an object,
 the game-interpreter says "Ow!".
When a game-character kicks a rock,
 the game-interpreter says "You refute it thus.".
When a game-character throws a game-object,
 the game-character drops it.
When a game-object falls onto a tree,
 the game-interpreter says "It falls to the ground.";
 also the game-object is subsequently in the tree's container.
When a game-character jumps from a map-place,
 the game-character must be in the map-place.
When a game-character jumps,
 the game-interpreter says "Hooray!";
 also the game-character jumps from the game-character's container.
When a game-character jumps from a tree,
 the game-interpreter says "You plummet to the ground.";
 also the game-character goes downward.

When a player-character loves a tree,
 the game-interpreter says
 "The leaves blush gold in the sunlight.".

When a player-character loves a tree,
 the heart might not be small;
 otherwise the heart becomes medium.

When a player-character loves a rock,
 the heart might not be small;
 otherwise the game-interpreter says
 "You try, but its stoniness is so unlovable; maybe you should start with something easier?".

When a player-character loves a rock,
 the heart might be small;
 otherwise the game-interpreter says
 "The rock seems to soften for a moment.".

When a player-character loves a rock,
 the heart might not be medium;
 otherwise the heart becomes large.

When a player-character loves a cloud,
 the heart might not be large;
 otherwise the game-interpreter says
 "The cloud gives a silvery shimmer.".

When a player-character loves a cloud,
 the heart might be large;
 otherwise the game-interpreter says
 "You try, but it's so far away; maybe you should start with something closer?".

When a player-character loves an entity,
 the entity might be a lovely-entity;
 otherwise the game-interpreter says "Your heart grows a tiny bit.".

When the game-turn initializes,
 the game-interpreter says "With apologies to Carson McCullers.".

Whenever the game-turn advances,
 the child has no visible-items;
 also the child perceives the child;
 also the child surveys the child's container.

When a child annotates a map-portal with a map-direction,
 the child composes {{the map-portal} towards {the map-direction}}.

When a player-character shows a photograph to a child,
 the child perceives it and its container;
 also the child says "I wonder who that is?".

Whenever the player-character surveys an outdoor-place,
 the player-character surveys the sky.
