Believe "/base-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/default-init.txt".

The game-greeting substitutes
"With apologies to Carson McCullers."
in Generic-English.

A tree, a rock, and a cloud exist.
There is a meadow, a barn, a hayloft, a grassy path, a photograph, a
sky, and a daze.

The tree is above the meadow.
The tree's describer defaults to
"The branches of the sturdy little live oak splay out low and wide.".
The tree's place-describer defaults to
"You are sitting on a thick branch a few feet above the ground.".

The barn is south of the meadow.

The hayloft is above the barn.

The tree, the player-character, and the rock are in the meadow.
The cloud is in the sky.
The cloud's describer defaults to
"A fluffy little fellow, shaped like a thought balloon.".
The rock's describer defaults to
"Just the right size to fit in your hand.".
The player-character is holding the photograph.
The photograph's describer defaults to
"A photo of your wife, but her face is blurred.".

The path's describer defaults to
"The freshly mown grass reminds you of happier times.".
The grassy path connects the meadow to the barn.

The player-character's heart exists.
The player-character's heart is small.
The player-character's heart is in the player-character.

The player-character's memory exists.
The player-character's memory is in the player-character.

Believe "/behavior-axioms.txt".

There is a child.
The child's spc-pronoun-list is "they, them, their, themself".
The child is perceptive.
The child's describer defaults to "Yer average ragamuffin.".
The child is in the barn.

The child surveys the barn.

The child believes "/child-mind-init.txt".

Amy is a runaway-bride.
Amy is the player-character's wife.
Amy is in the player-character's memory.

The player-character is perceptive.
The player-character believes "/player-mind-init.txt".

There is a sprite.
The sprite is omniscient.
The sprite's spc-pronoun-list is "zzz, zrm, zrz, zrzlf".
The sprite is in the hayloft.
The player-character perceives the sprite.

There is a hen and a rooster.
All chickens are unperceptive.
The hen believes "/hen-mind-init.txt".
The rooster believes "/rooster-mind-init.txt".
The hen is in the tree.
The rooster is in the hayloft.

Believe "/spanish-init.txt".
